This lecture covers some of the sources blocks in Syria link as I stated before each system has an input
and produces an output is a relation between inputs and outputs is the transfer function.
For example imagine this vehicle and your as engineer has spelled a similarly ink module which simulates
is a suspension system motion of this vehicle.
Now imagine you want to feed an input to the system for example to simulate the bumps in the road.
These inputs could be sine wave or a step function.
The sources or inputs are found in sources blocks in simulating
and as you can see I have created six models to show you six different types of sources.
The first one is a step function the step function or step input gives a sudden change to a certain
value in almost no time.
So first we need to define the time base before this step action which is called step time.
In our example step time equals to 1 and let's change the step final value to 5.
So if this is the displacement for example this means after 1 second the displacement will jump suddenly
to 5 units in no time and continues.
Now let's run and see.
This is a step time which is one second and the step equals 2 5.
After this step time
ramp input for example is a step and both represents a sudden displacement ramp.
Input represents Z velocity is a displacement increases by one unit in one second.
This means a slope of 1 in 0 and parameters.
Let's see that
as shown in the graph after 1 second the displacement increased 1 unit or after 2 seconds is a displacement
increased 2 units the circled input is a sine wave and we have explained it before the sine wave general
equation is amplitude times sine of frequency plus time times phase plus pious and you can change the
different prompters from this window.
A random number source this is produces a random number you can change the parameters like mean variance
seed and finally is a sample time or the time this blocks produces a random number.
In this example is a random number source produces a random number after 1 second
so as you can see in this plot there is a random number each second repeating sequence source.
If your input is repeated in the same pattern of Third the same time you can use this block to express
your input
as the last source.
I want to address in this lecture is called for more space input.
You can import a certain matrix or a value from the workspace.
For example I have defined Victor A equals 2 0 1 2 3 and I'm using display pluck 2 shows a signal.